#summary Build your owned enterprise android app unop Cordova(Phonegap).
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

[http://code.google.com/p/javawiki/wiki/Cordova?wl=zh-Hant Chinese Version Only(請看中文版)]

= Introduce =
It's a new topic for companies continue to invest on customer relationship.
They pay a lot of resource on web development.
But is it worth to pay more on mobile apps?Ios or android?
[http://phonegap.com/ PhoneGap] rescue (Something like [http://www.appcelerator.com/ Titanium Appcelerator] do the same thing).
They face mobile app as web app extension and try to controll hard ware by JavaScript.

I had wrote a [http://phonegap.com/ PhoneGap project] try to make you cost down.

Adobe had donated [http://phonegap.com/ PhoneGap] to Apache, owing to PhoneGap already a trade mark owned by Adobe.
So the project change name to [http://incubator.apache.org/cordova/ Cordova], 
[http://incubator.apache.org/cordova/ Cordova] is under incubation. 
So its version number change quickly and not yet publish to maven central repository.

== Before start ==

A few questions need to consider before you start.
<dl>
  <dt>Running speed</dt>
  <dd>Web application may slower than native application.</dd>  
  <dt>Not completed hardware access ability</dt>
  <dd>HTML5 API already provide few hardware functionality(like File API), but if you want to do something special(ex. USB control), you need to write your plugin upon different platform.</dd>
  <dt>Where is the source code?</dt>
  <dd>If your app only contain static content, the best way is to wrap it all into your apk, but it need to re-publish when it changed, Take connectivity and speed into account is need if you decide to put your code on web.</dd>
</dl>

== Install Android SDK ==
  No need to remind to install [http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html Android SDK] is important just like [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html JDK] is need to install.
  ....
  
== Prepareing ==
  
== Build your App ==
Issue command to build application interactive.
{{{
mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeRepository=http://gwtrepo.googlecode.com/svn/repo \
-DarchetypeGroupId=com.google.code \
-DarchetypeArtifactId=cordova-android-quickstart \
-DarchetypeVersion=1.7.0
}}}
{{{
X:\somewhere>mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeRepository=http://gwtrepo.googlecode.com/svn/repo -Dar...
[INFO]
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Building Maven Stub Project (No POM) 1
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Generating project in Interactive mode
[INFO] Archetype defined by properties
Define value for property 'groupId': : tw.com.blackDog
Define value for property 'artifactId': : mobileApp
Define value for property 'version':  1.0-SNAPSHOT: :
Define value for property 'package':  com.blackDog: :
Define value for property 'CompanyDomain': : cordova-web.appspot.com
Define value for property 'CompanyName': : Your Comany's name
Define value for property 'emulator_name': : avd233
Define value for property 'mobilePageEntryUrl': : /index
[INFO] Using property: platform = 8
Define value for property 'touchUrl': : /touch
Confirm properties configuration:
groupId: tw.com.blackDog
artifactId: mobileApp
version: 1.0-SNAPSHOT
package: com.blackDog
CompanyDomain: cordova-web.appspot.com
CompanyName: Your Comany's name
emulator_name: avd233
mobilePageEntryUrl: /index
platform: 8
touchUrl: /touch
 Y: :
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
X:\somewhere>
}}}
Yes, cordova-web.appspot.com is prebuild web project for testing, you can replace it by yourself,
then we start emulator
{{{
mvn android:emulator-start
}}}
After emulator started, issue command to build apk and publish to emulator.
{{{
mvn install android:deploy
}}}
check application avatar appear and issue command to run apk.
{{{
mvn android:run
}}}
Not satisfied? Well, modify java code and re-publish again.
{{{
mvn clean install android:redeply android:run
}}}
or you can remove it first before you republish you program.
{{{
mvn android:undeploy
mvn install android:deploy
}}}

Other goals can see [http://maven-android-plugin-m2site.googlecode.com/svn/plugin-info.html here].
== Explaination ==

=== Replace KeyStore info ===

=== Android Permission ===

=== App's images ===

=== Go through Java Code ===

=== JavaScript ===
  