#summary Build your owned enterprise android app unop Cordova(Phonegap).
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

[http://code.google.com/p/javawiki/wiki/Cordova?wl=zh-Hant Chinese Version Only(請看中文版)]

= Introduce =
It's a new topic for companies continue to invest on customer relationship.
They pay a lot of resource on web development.
But is it worth to pay more on mobile apps?Ios or android?
[http://phonegap.com/ PhoneGap] rescue (Something like [http://www.appcelerator.com/ Titanium Appcelerator] do the same thing).
They face mobile app as web app extension and try to controll hard ware by JavaScript.

I had wrote a [http://phonegap.com/ PhoneGap project] try to make you cost down.

Adobe had donated [http://phonegap.com/ PhoneGap] to Apache, owing to PhoneGap already a trade mark owned by Adobe.
So the project change name to [http://incubator.apache.org/cordova/ Cordova], 
[http://incubator.apache.org/cordova/ Cordova] is under incubation. 
So its version number change quickly and not yet publish to maven central repository.

== Before start ==

A few questions need to consider before you start.
<dl>
  <dt>Running speed</dt>
  <dd>Web application may slower than native application.</dd>  
  <dt>Not completed hardware access ability</dt>
  <dd>HTML5 API already provide few hardware functionality(like File API), but if you want to do something special(ex. USB control), you need to write your plugin upon different platform.</dd>
  <dt>Where is the source code?</dt>
  <dd>If your app only contain static content, the best way is to wrap it all into your apk, but it need to re-publish when it changed, Take connectivity and speed into account is need if you decide to put your code on web.</dd>
</dl>

== Install Android SDK ==
  No need to remind to install [http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html Android SDK] is important just like [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html JDK] is need to install.
  ....
  
== Prepareing ==
  
== Build your App ==

== Explaination ==

=== Replace KeyStore info ===

=== Android Permission ===

=== App's avatar ===

=== Go through Java Code ===

=== JavaScript ===
  